infrastructure: add digital-rewards section (#41)
open-education-hub/methodology: chapters/infrastructure/digital-rewards/reading/README.md

However, by offering certain prizes for specific SmileyCoin amounts, we can incentivize learners to self-study or to contribute to our repositories (as a mean of learning).
The prizes that are being offered may vary, depending on the available resources of the entity that uses the course.
SmileyCoins that are to be used as rewards for learners may be obtained by simply buying them (1.000.000 Smileys equal ~50 euros) or, in case that is not possible, by asking the [SmileyCoin Fund](https://smileyco.in/#/details) for a donation.

To use the system, the following steps need to be taken:

- The awarding entity sets up [a wallet](https://wallet.smileyco.in/?network=smileycoin) and deposits some smiley in there.
- The potential receivers also create a wallet.
- Once an activity for which smiley coins are awarded is completed, the awarding entity sends an amount of smiley coins to the receiver.

We recommend the use of the [`Coinomi` wallet](https://github.com/open-education-hub/smileycoin-api/wiki/Student-Handbook#1-download--set-up-coinomi).
It's popular and it can be used to store different cryptocurrencies, not just SmileyCoins.

> For the awarding entity to be able to send the necessary smiley coins, it is required that the receivers wallet address is known.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the awarding entity to be able to send the necessary smiley coins, it is required that the receivers wallet address be known.
```
although a relic, the subjunctive is still used

> Owner: Răzvan Nițu
> Reviewer: Mihai Băruța

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Some teaching paradigms involve the use of a reward system to incentivize learners to study.

> To enable the use of such teaching techniques, we offer an infrastructure for the use of cryptocurrency rewards that may be used to stimulate both learning and contributions to the educational content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable such teaching techniques, we offer an infrastructure for cryptocurrency rewards with the purpose of stimulating learning and contributions to the educational content.
```

> We do not discuss the efectiveness of reward-based learning techniques, we simply provide the tools to implement such a system if an educator chooses to use it.

Reviewer: But shouldn't we discuss it? Why would someone use cryptocurrency if we don't make a case for it?

Rewards may be used at different steps in the learning process:

- when a learner correctly completes a designated teaching activity: a drill or set of drills, an assignment, an exam etc.
- when a learner contributes content to the existing repo

> - when a learner helps his peers (by publicly answering forum questions or helping them during practical sessions)

Reviewer: Or when the learner reviews a contribution

Choosing the items for which rewards are offered is a subjective decision depending on personal preference and cultural background.
However, from a usability perspective, there are two categories of rewards:

- those that can be awarded automatically (e.g. a learner solves a multiple choice question)
- those that are awarded manually (e.g. a learner has answered a verbal question during a lecture)

> To account for these situations, we have developed an infrastructure that uses an educational cryptocurrency that may be awarded automatically or manually.

Reviewer 2: Should we add some links to the infrastructure repositories?

- https://github.com/Jokeswar/smileycoin-api
- https://github.com/Jokeswar/smileycoin-node

SmileyCoins that are to be used as rewards for learners may be obtained by simply buying them (1.000.000 Smileys equal ~50 euros) or, in case that is not possible, by asking the [SmileyCoin Fund](https://smileyco.in/#/details) for a donation.

To use the system, the following steps need to be taken:

- the awarding entity sets up [a wallet](https://wallet.smileyco.in/?network=smileycoin) and deposits some smiley in there.
- the potential receivers also create a wallet.
- once an activity for which smiley coins are awarded is completed, the awarding entity sends an amount of smiley coins to the receiver.

For the awarding entity to be able to send the necessary smiley coins, it is required that the receivers wallet address is known.
As a consequence, the receiver needs to publicize his wallet address.
As such, for smileys that are awarded automatically, the receiver needs to have an account that is associated with his wallet on the platform where the activity is performed (either a github account for contributions or a platform account on the hosting service - such as TutorWeb).
For smiley that are awarded manually, the receiver may simply communicate the receiving wallet address.

> Currently, we have implemented some scripts that make it easy to manually send smileycoin rewards.

Reviewer: You should add links to them here [1], and they ought to be detailed in the Infrastructure chapter.

[1] https://github.com/Jokeswar/smileycoin-api/wiki/Teaching-Assistan-Handbook
